Previously on Marvel's
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D...
You said HYDRA
had a way of convincing people.
You were talking about brainwashing.
Are you ready to comply, Agent 33?
Happy to comply.
S.H.I.E.L.D. is becoming a problem.
Do we know who is in charge?
I'm afraid not.
How about we make a deal?
S.H.I.E.L.D. will keep dropping off
presents like this.
All we ask for in return
is a little breathing room.
Sorry,
I'm gonna have to say no to that deal.
Since Simmons left,
he's only getting worse.
He's grown isolated.
Who are you talking to?
-What? No one.
-Me.
You like talking to yourself. It's cool.
- What do you want, Raina?
- It's what I don't want.
Which is the Obelisk
falling into the hands of people
who don't understand it.
I know he's keeping something from me.
And it's not just because
he's the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.
It's been 18 days since your last episode.
And I'm tired of fighting it.
That's why I'm here.
I think
something is wrong with him.
Is Coulson OK?
Your Grace, thank you for coming.
Our parishioners are still trying
to understand this tragedy, and...
Show it to me.
Of course. This way, please.
Here.
It dates back to Spain, the early 1500s.
It was the only item
in our entire church that was spared.
It's a miracle.
One which might help us rebuild.
Experts will have to verify it, of course.
Your Grace, shouldn't it be enough
simply to believe in the miracle?
Does it have to be proven?
Faith is enough for us.
But the rest of the world,
they'll need something more tangible.
Why? Do you have some reservation?
There is one more thing.
I should really be
getting ready for the party.
Besides, I thought you said
you wanted time in the ocean.
Well, I've seen it. Fish, waves, whatever.
I found something far more captivating.
The rabbit's in the hutch. I'm on my way.
I think we'll make it.
Hunter did a good job
distracting Gabriel,
Soto's executive assistant.
Oh, I bet he did.
Damn, tickets cost $25,000?
Each. That's why I'm going
for the five-finger discount.
Mack, you're on.
Copy that. We're pulling up now.
Thank you.
Sir, notice the car?
1962 Rolls. Restored it myself.
I noticed. Still not letting
you work on Lola.
In time, sir. In time.
This is fun, right?
Isn't this fun? Look, cufflinks.
I will pay you $500 right now
for a pair of flats.
Good luck, sir.
- Identification, please.
- Of course.
-Charles, you've got mine, right?
-Yes.
I like making him carry my things.
Gives him purpose.
Plus, that way I know
she can't take off without me.
Oh, well, you never know when
a better offer might come along, right?
Enjoy the party.
Thank you. Darling.
Good work on the cover, Skye. We're in.
OK. Remember,
Soto has the painting in a sublevel
storage room until it comes out
later tonight for the guests.
How heavy is the security?
Still assessing. Let's assume very.
Keep in mind, we've got
diplomats here, state officials.
These are not friends of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Bridget said Soto's sending out
the painting for verification
first thing in the morning.
She, uh, whispered
it in my ear, if you know what I mean.
Yes, everybody
on the planet knows what you mean, Hunter.
Let's focus.
Right. So, upshot is tonight's
our one chance to steal this thing.
Director, are you sure
you don't want me there?
I can help you and May get around
any security measures Soto has in...
No, keeping it to two agents allows us
to minimize detection in a small space.
I hope you don't need me to explain
covert operations again.
- No, sir.
- Good.
This writing was in Garrett's lab,
the Obelisk,
and now a 500-year-old piece of art.
It's important. Getting that painting
could mean answers for us.
Yes, sir. We will...
Wait, what was that?
Yeah, that's May.
Is she OK? Is everything OK?
Yes. She's laughing.
I think the worst of it's over now.
Excuse me.
My face hurts.
Come on.
We got a cover to maintain
and some details to go over.
Going radio silent.
We'll resume contact shortly.
Did they just turn off their comms?
Well, hey, look at that.
You still remember the steps.
Impressive.
My 10 o'clock,
security chief standing watch.
Dance elective at the Academy.
Of course, I dropped it two weeks later.
Dome camera at three o'clock.
I count seven uniforms.
Walkie, sidearm, baton.
I just wanted to graduate
so I could get actual field assignments.
-What?
-You weren't exactly thrilled
when we got assigned
that retrieval op in Sausalito.
That coffee shop? Our first mission?
That's because the commander
sent us in with no exit plan.
I was in the Bay for five hours.
I fished you out. Eventually.
Come on, we used to have fun
like this in our youth.
You know you enjoyed it.
Yes.
Then life happened.
Nostalgia's fine,
but I'd rather deal with reality.
You planning to talk to me
about your hand?
What about it?
You think I didn't see it tremoring
the whole flight out?
Your symptoms are getting worse.
Did the rest of the team see it?
No. They're good.
Skye's asking the usual
too many questions.
They think it's a standard op.
Don't know it's personal.
OK.
Phil,
if I think this mission
is too much for you,
I'll pull the plug.
Yes, fine. I understand.
But that's not why I turned off the comms.
I know you don't wanna talk about this,
but we need to make
a plan in case I go the way of Garrett.
You're right.
I don't wanna talk about this.
We both know how this could end.
-Phil?
-I know it's uncomfortable,
but it's also necessary.
No, Phil, look.
Talbot.
There goes our cover.
Well, hey there, General.
Fancy meeting you here.
Hey, yourself.
Good to see you.
I'm glad to hear that.
Isn't everything nicer now that we've
put all our differences behind us?
Absolutely.
How many of those have you had?
One too many. Don't tell.
It'll be our secret.
As long as you keep mine.
That doesn't sound like a fair trade.
Look, I appreciate
you not blowing my cover. Yet.
Let's just say, hypothetically, you don't,
this mission will benefit both of us.
Benefit us hypothetically?
Your division has benefited plenty
from my assistance.
Actually, your career, too.
Sure.
So, I'm gonna keep moving
forward with my operation.
I hope I don't have to worry
about interference.
I won't interfere.
Unless I feel I need to.
Nice work out there.
Do we get to keep the scooter?
Nice work yourself,
though it didn't look like
you were suffering too much.
And I was babysitting an empty plane.
How is this fair?
It's weird, women just like me.
Always have.
Never understood it.
Must be a magnetism thing, I guess.
Who can explain it, eh?
If it makes you
feel any better, I don't get it either.
You hear that?
If I wanted someone
to take jabs at me, I'd still be married.
Hmm. Jeez, not this
story again. Can we not?
Oh, no, I think we can.
I first met her on a spring night.
She was on the pier
facing the Outer Banks,
the moonlight glinting off her face.
Mmm-hmm.
She resembled a goddess.
Of course, that was her cruel trick.
Hey, guys?
Best timing ever.
Oh. Decided to come back online, did we?
Talbot's here.
"Talbot" Talbot?
- What the hell is he doing there?
- No idea.
All that matters is our cover's at risk,
so I'm calling an audible.
We're not gonna wait till later
to get the painting.
We're gonna get it now.
I'll take point.
Well, I just think it's so admirable
what you're doing for that poor church
that burned down.
I should be thanking you
for your generous patronage.
You know, Santa Maria de Las Flores
was my second home.
Oh.
Though I'm really surprised that
you and I have never met before.
I would've remembered you.
Well, I bet letting people see
the miracle painting in person
is bringing out all kinds of donors
that you haven't met before.
But just remember, I'm here for the cause.
Well, the cause and the company.
I like to hear that.
She just said more words than
I've heard her say in a year.
I just have to say,
philanthropy is my passion.
All right, Agent May.
That's very alarming.
I'm all about giving.
I must get a picture of us together.
Charles? Come here.
Honey, can you take
a picture of me and Mr. Soto?
It'll be such a nice
memento of the evening.
Oh, yes, that would be nice.
He's your husband?
We're modern. Charles, please?
Hang on, Heidi.
Just trying to find the flash.
Honestly, this happens every time.
How hard could it be?
They sell these phones to children!
OK.
Excuse me,
I should go see about my other guests...
Oh, no, no, no, please.
Yes, yes, yes, one moment.
And there we go!
Those two...
- Well, it was just...
- Wasn't it just?
-Hmm?
-Mr. Soto, thank you so much.
Lovely party. Goodbye! Come on, dear.
-We're blown.
-Why?
No idea. Maybe Talbot's still pissed
'cause we kidnapped him that time.
- We need to do this now.
- Oh, yeah.
Yo.
I could've handled him.
I did.
They're gonna be onto us soon.
I know. Almost there.
I really like that dress.
Sublevel storage room.
Straight ahead.
- Painting's there.
- Great.
This isn't the op we anticipated.
Everything's gonna be a little more fast
and dirty than we planned.
Only makes it more interesting.
See? The exuberance of youth.
- Guys, wait, you're about to hit...
- Laser grids.
Why is it always laser grids?
Guy's not kidding around.
All right. I got this.
They already know we're here.
Oh, yeah.
There's no painting here!
Could be a mistake. Another room, maybe?
No, it's not a mistake.
A record of appropriation
just popped up on the church's books.
Don't tell me. The U.S. government.
Talbot took possession of the painting
from the church this morning.
"Related to an ongoing
government investigation," it says.
Why is he even on this?
How does he know about that painting?
-We need to...
-We need to go.
Yes, I've got it.
There was one problem though.
S.H.I.E.L.D.'s here.
Look.
Recognize them?
Fascinating.
They weren't any trouble.
You want me to come in?
No.
I have a new plan.
Search the storage area!
I assume this all makes you happy.
Why would this make me happy?
We failed in our mission,
we're outnumbered, trapped,
hoping not to get killed.
Feels like the old days to me.
Yeah, I guess Talbot took this round.
I'm not giving up yet.
No. You always have my back.
Speaking of, when we get out of this,
we're having a real conversation
about a contingency plan.
You can't avoid it anymore.
We're clear.
Agent Coulson!
Agent May.
You seem like you're in a hurry.
The caterers ran out of coconut shrimp.
No reason to stay.
You see, I was worried you left
because I got my hands on
the miracle painting and you didn't.
Come on, Coulson.
It's obvious we were there
for the same thing.
- Now I've been thinking...
- I'm sure.
I know there's writing
on the back of that painting.
The government wouldn't
have sent me down here if we didn't.
Phil, you're the only one
that can help me figure out
what that writing is.
It's what you do.
So why don't we help each other?
Why would I help you?
You came all the way down here.
I gotta believe you wanna know
what that writing means
just as badly as we do.
Yeah?
Why do I have a feeling there's a catch?
There's no catch.
You'll have to examine it in
a secure military facility,
where I can keep an eye on you,
but that's just
regulation.
OK. You got a deal.
Excellent.
Just let me check in with my team.
I need to give them their orders.
You know,
they'll get nervous if I just disappear.
What do you need, about an hour?
That ought to do it.
I'm downtown at the Hotel La Ona.
-I'll see you there.
-I look forward to it.
A change of heart? Doesn't add up.
No, he's working us.
I just need to know why.
- I'll handle it.
- May.
Hey, this is the part I do.
It'll make up for all the dancing.
-You liked it.
-No, I didn't.
Little bit?
A little bit.
Check in as soon as you know something.
And if something goes wrong...
I'll handle it.
Don't remember Coulson asking you
to do extra research on this thing.
I'm being industrious.
Or are you digging into
a top-secret mission
to find out about the parts
they're not telling us?
I am a good, helpful soldier.
Well, I happen to appreciate
your instinct to be thorough.
I myself prefer a pint and a good nap.
But then, I'm the lazy type.
"Lazy" is not the first word
that comes to mind.
-"Dangerous"? I understand.
-Mmm-mmm.
But truly, it should be "lazy."
I just hide it well.
Think that's what drove away the ex-wife?
See, now you're bringing it back up.
Ha-ha, and no,
it didn't work out because
interspecies relationships are hard.
I was a human,
whereas she was a demonic hell-beast.
He doesn't like her.
You don't say.
She's pure evil.
Hey, at least you got away from your ex.
The guy I had a crush on is now
the psycho living in our basement.
You know, I wish I could relate,
but all my exes are awesome.
Is that right?
I seem to remember an entire year
where you had to pretend you liked quinoa.
Yeah. That was a dark time.
The point is, exes are
like stones around your neck.
-They weigh you down.
-Fitz.
Go join them. They're bonding.
You'll be left out.
What have you done with Talbot?
I'm right here.
So that's Agent May.
I guess the file wasn't overselling her.
If Coulson sent her, it would seem
he doesn't fully trust General Talbot.
So, what now?
We have Dr. Whitehall's mission
to complete.
We need to send in someone
Agent Coulson does trust.
Yeah?
Why do I have a feeling there's a catch?
How do I look?
Just get Coulson back here.
I'll take it from that point.
This should help you
neutralize Coulson's team.
May? You all right?
I'm fine. I checked on Talbot.
The offer seems solid,
but I think he's keeping it
from his superiors,
so we don't have a lot of time.
I'm coming back to get you. Be ready.
Copy that.
See you when I see you.
Got his location.
Go.
Do you really think
running away is the answer?
I'm not running away.
I wanted to be alone.
Nonsense. You hate being alone.
As evidenced by you.
You're avoiding something.
Talking. They're just talking.
And I'm having trouble with that lately.
You're doing fine talking to me.
Yes. But I think you're ignoring
a rather significant elephant in the room.
You're not afraid to talk.
You're afraid you'll have nothing to say.
Just tell them what you're thinking,
how you're feeling.
Yeah, 'cause that's worked out
so well for me in the past.
Besides, don't even have
anything in common with that lot.
Not anymore.
I'm not even a part of...
The team?
Mmm-hmm.
Of course you are.
Or you could be,
if you'd just engage with them
instead of hiding out here in the garage.
Yeah, well, it's not
supposed to be a garage.
It's supposed to be our lab.
Our place.
But they changed it.
Didn't even ask me, just did it.
The new lab is beautiful.
It's bigger, it's got more...
Yes, but it's not ours!
And they didn't ask me because
they don't care what I have to say.
-Fitz...
-Even Ward's more valuable than me.
And he's perfectly able to speak
in complete sentences.
You should've heard the excuses
he had for what he did to us.
Listen.
You may be stumbling and stuttering
on the outside,
but you have to let them see
who you really are.
Underneath all that.
Where's Coulson?
Upstairs.
I don't know
what he was doing there.
I don't know how...
May, we were just figuring out
whether or not we should...
Good. Coulson.
So Talbot was being honest?
Surprised the hell out of me,
too, trust me.
It looks like he wants to work with you.
Wow.
Maybe we are getting through to him.
He only wants to meet with you.
But you know I'm not gonna
let you go out there alone.
Great. Let's move.
Welcome back, Agent May.
I have a few questions for you.
For example, why your sudden interest
in religious artwork?
Everybody has a hobby.
You and your small band
of S.H.I.E.L.D. compatriots,
there can't be many of you left.
Who's running your operation?
Where are you based?
Currently?
About five feet from kicking your ass.
Ha.
I don't much
believe in empty threats, Agent May.
I prefer promises.
Such as this.
You will tell me what I want to know.
You have no idea what you're starting.
Perhaps.
But I serve a man
who has an effective way of getting
the information he wants.
You will meet him soon.
And you will comply.
Until then...
...I'll improvise.
So, the plan.
Shouldn't be hard.
Talk to Talbot, see what he has to say.
No. Not that plan. The other plan.
OK, the other plan. Yeah.
Look, I don't like having to wait until
we're trapped in a car to talk about this,
but you haven't left me much choice.
I guess I didn't, no.
I just need to know that
if things get bad with me,
you can do what has to be done.
Can you?
I'm sure I can.
It's not just taking me out, May.
The hard part is what happens after.
S.H.I.E.L.D. will need leadership.
A new director.
I trust you,
just you, to do this.
Do you understand?
I understand.
Thank you.
I won't let you down.
Go.
Join them.
Fitz.
You won't even talk to me now.
- Because it's embarrassing.
- Oh, Fitz.
Well, that's an odd sound.
The bus is shutting down.
You know what that means.
We're in trouble.
The cargo hold ramp just went up.
The emergency exits are locking
all over the plane.
It's the equalization
stabilizers, they're fried.
The bus thinks we made
a water landing. We're sealed in.
-There's no way out.
-Well, who's doing this?
We're the only ones on the bus.
This is all happening automatically.
How?
Uh... I think I know.
Somebody... We... We've been...
- Sabotaged.
- Yeah.
This is based on S.H.I.E.L.D.'s... Tech.
It means that the plane is...
The plane will...
That.
The plane will explode?
Soon.
Hopefully, this isn't some kind of trap
Talbot's set for us.
If it is, you've got me here.
Yeah.
It's been nice
working together again, hasn't it?
Yeah.
Just you and me. Like the old days.
It's been great.
You know,
all this nostalgic talk has me thinking.
Maybe this will sound weird,
but how 'bout when this is over,
you and I finally
go get that cup of coffee
we were supposed to get
all those years back?
I thought you'd never ask.
Once this is over, I'd like that.
May hates coffee.
See? So it's like a small disease.
-Virus?
-Virus, yes.
And it's going through...
Through the plane's electrical systems?
Yeah, blowing things up.
The stabilizers, the monitors...
Yes, and the next one would be the...
Nav systems just blew.
- There you go.
- I can't take off.
Wait, wait, wait.
Stabilizers, monitors, nav system.
Comms are next, and then next comes...
The wings! The wings.
Where the fuel is. So then we'll...
I lied.
Working with you,
whoever you are, not that fun.
I won't go down easy.
That makes two of us.
I can't believe I'm the only one
seeing this right now.
He's got the painting. You good?
I'm good.
I thought you said you could do this!
Yes, I can. Or, I mean, I know how.
It's not just words,
it's the hands, controlling them.
So I can't use these. I have to use yours.
Why does it have to be me?
Wouldn't one of the other people...
Yeah, because they're repairing
the systems
that have already gone boom.
To delay the virus.
And you're the only one without...
Any technical skills whatsoever?
-Yes!
-Super. Just tell me what to do.
No, I need reinforcements now.
Send them to my location,
and have an extraction team ready!
I know all your moves. I was S.H.I.E.L.D.
Not all of them.
OK, this chip needs to go
in this empty space.
-All right, this slot, here? OK.
-Yes.
Is that it? Is the plane fixed now?
No! The... We have to do the wires.
This one here?
No, no! Dear God, no.
The one beside it, the one beside it.
-To the left?
-To the right.
To the right. To the...
I think that's a good thing.
And now, the plane is fixed.
Oh.
Mr. Bakshi,
the team is two minutes out, sir.
Sir? Do you copy?
Agent May, surrender
and you will find satisfaction.
I get my satisfaction elsewhere.
The best part about killing you is that
I won't have to be you anymore.
If you were really me,
you wouldn't talk so much.
We gotta go.
Want some help with that?
No, thank you.
Need to learn to do these things
by myself.
Guys, drop everything.
No, this is worth a fortune.
I'm not gonna drop it.
Just put it down.
What's all this?
We survived a HYDRA attack,
saved the bus.
I turned out to be
a genius at mechanical engineering.
Calls for a celebration.
I like the way you think.
Um... No, actually,
I should probably just...
Fitz, this team wouldn't be here
if it weren't for you. This is big.
Let me buy you a beer, mate.
We haven't gotten to work together
much yet,
but I thought
this was a successful mission,
and if we keep up with this teamwork,
there'll be more successful missions,
and plenty more beer, plenty more of...
Yeah, hey, so, um, I don't have an ex.
But there was this girl that I like,
and I told her how I felt,
but she doesn't feel
the same way as I do, so she left.
Her loss then, mate.
From what I can see, she's missing out.
To moving on.
Yeah. Moving on.
Still digging?
What are you doing?
- Nothing.
- Yeah.
Nothing?
Nothing.
OK. Well, if you need
any help with the nothing,
you just let me know, OK?
I did what now?
I know. It's a lot to process.
I mean, a painting, Coulson?
And you weren't immediately
suspicious it wasn't me?
To be fair, we're not that close.
Yeah. Well, if this is, indeed,
as important as you say it is,
you should probably hand it over.
Along with any other HYDRA assets
you happen to have in your possession.
Sadly, the painting was
destroyed in the fight.
I don't think it was of much value,
anyway.
HYDRA was mistaken about its worth.
And anything else we get,
I'll let you know.
Just to be clear, this is all about a mask
that this guy put on
and made him look like me?
Yeah.
You know, I spent five long months
in an enemy war camp.
You people make me miss those days.
But, hey, why don't we keep chatting
on this secure line you've hacked
so I can draw a bead on your location
and we can get some quality face time...
Some people are better in small doses.
Meanwhile, now we know
HYDRA is searching for evidence
of the alien writing.
-That's not good.
-No. It's not.
And that's not the worst of it.
The analysis of the painting came back.
It is 500 years old. But the alien
writing on the back?
Brand new.
So that means someone is out there
carving right now. Someone...
Someone like me. We'll have to find him.
We will.
So, um, what'd she do? Fake me.
How'd you know that she wasn't me?
Little things.
And she wanted to get coffee.
You punch her in the face?
-I did.
-Good.
May?
I know you won't come
to me to make a plan.
That's why I keep coming to you.
This is important.
I won't stop asking. You know I won't.
Fine.
There.
What is this?
Money. Passports. Travel tickets.
I don't have to make a plan,
because I already made one.
I am not shooting you in the head.
I will never shoot you in the head.
May...
If things go south,
I'm getting you out.
I see.
Where? Tuscan villa?
Cabin. In the Australian Outback.
'Cause I like kangaroos.
Point is, no matter what happens,
I'll take care of you.
That's my plan.
That is, without question, the sweetest,
most selfless thing anyone has ever
wanted to do for me.
But I need you to forget all that
and kill me as ordered.
-What?
-You said it yourself.
I'm not getting better.
I don't wanna end up like Garrett.
And taking me to some cabin
won't change my brain.
I'll find a way.
May.
Nostalgia's fine.
But then life happens.
It's time to deal with reality.
Phil. Please.
Hard choices are coming.
I need you to make this one.
For me.
Yeah. I need to land in Miami
as soon as possible.
Whatever route gets me there. Tonight.
Yes, I'll hold.
Hello, Raina. I'm Daniel Whitehall.
You recently took something from me.
Oh. The Obelisk.
I see what this is now.
I can help you...
Raina,
I'm not like most of the people
with whom you interact.
I'm not easily confused.
I've been around too long
to lose sight of what's mine.
I generally don't do my own
dirty work anymore.
We should all aspire to do only
that which we enjoy, don't you agree?
But in your case,
I will make an exception.
Forty-eight hours seems fair, doesn't it?
To bring it back to me?
I once operated on a woman on-and-off
for a full week.
The struggle really
is keeping the patient awake.
Pain at certain levels has a tendency
to cause us to black out,
and that can be incredibly frustrating.
But I'm confident I can do better now.
I can find you wherever you are.
Bring me the Obelisk.
Forty-eight hours.
The clock starts now.